[MUSIC]
So now, it's the lab tour.
So, here's my lab.
I got a bunch of equipment here.
Let's start off with these computers.
These are sort of old and
semi-defunked computers.
These computers are actually for
my computer security research.
I actually have a group of students,
who wanna do, look at attacking networks.
Look at attacking computer networks, and
so I'm gonna have them work on this.
This will be a network.
And they will attack it, and try to
defend it, and see if they can do that.
So that's what those are for.
This is just a computer.
Over here, we have some of the stuff
that I use for hardware design.
So I've got, let's see, a soldering iron.
Let's start with that.
Soldering iron is used to solder
together pieces of metal,
when we're building a system, and
this is a cleaner for the iron.
[SOUND] I've got my oscilloscope.
An oscilloscope is a diagnostic tool.
It is used to tell you the value of
certain signals, certain wave forms.
So if you wanna see the voltage of
a signal over time, you connect this up,
and this is the ground, and
you can see the voltage of
the signal over time on this screen.
So, I use that a lot.
I got a multimeter.
I use this even more.
Multimeter is basically just
a device that has two probes, and
it allows you to see the voltage current
and resistance between the two points.
So you can touch these two probes to
different points in the circuit, and
see the voltage between them.
[SOUND] I got a microscope.
This is for working with small devices,
so sometimes I'm looking at small printed
circuit boards,
things that designed area very compactly.
So in order to desolder it, and work with
them properly, I need a magnifying glass,
or even better yet, this is actually
better than a magnifying glass.
It's got a light on it, to give me
good visualization of the component.
Random parts, solder, and snips,
and desoldering wick, and so on.
This is actually a mixed power supply and
a multimeter, together.
So a control power supply and
multimeter, I don't use it too much, but
it's very useful.
This is just a crimping tool,
to crimp terminals onto the end of wires.
This right here is a project I'm sort of
working on still, it is a quadcopter, or
a de-funked quadcopter.
It's got four motors.
Four actuators.
Four ESCs, electronic speed controls.
These control the speed of the motors.
This is the control of the main
flight controller for it.
So this flight controller
sends data to these ESCs,
to indicate what speed
the motor should go at.
This is the battery right here.
This is maybe half the weight
of the old device.
Then over here I have my turntable,
one of my turntables, so
it's an old dirty turntable,
and it doesn't work right now.
And since I have a lab,
I feel like why not fix it.
I need to solder something
together actually this board,
this is actually what's wrong right here.
[LAUGH] That needs to be resoldered,
[LAUGH] the board is decayed.
And this is the turntable, the platter
that goes on top of it once it's repaired.
Over here I just have a box of
a soldering irons and things like that,
tools that I use for my classes.
So when I have a class, and
I want them to solder, I just
bring this whole box over to the class and
everybody has a component to work with.
So over here, we have lots of
different parts stacked up here.
All kinds of different components,
wires, every wire and
cable that you could probably ever need,
that I have somewhere in here.
Programmers, and
programming micro-controllers, wire.
These are my portable cases, so
when I'm on the run to a class or
something like that,
I put stuff in this and carry it off.
Duct tape is always good,
[LAUGH] I always need that.
What do I have?
More equipment over here.
Piles of resistors, in all sizes and
shapes, and all of that.
Power supplies.
Here we have Raspberry Pi, so,
[LAUGH] we'll be seeing this in the class,
eventually.
Let's take a look.
Here we go.
That is a Raspberry Pi Model B.
This is basically what we'll probably be
working with, maybe this is the right way.
[LAUGH] Yeah, this the right way,
the wording is right up this way.
So this is a Raspberry Pi,
and we'll work with those.
Also Arduinos, I got those too,
in my Arduino case.
[SOUND] Put that over there.
Here is one, it's not a brand new one,
but they all look the same, pretty much.
That's an Arduino Uno.
Actually, this is a shield for an Arduino.
We'll talk about those, too.
It stacks, and notice it has
the same size and configuration.
You can stack it on the top.
This is an ethernet shield, and
this is an old ethernet shield.
[LAUGH] But if you wanna connect this
to the ethernet, you'll do that.
And Friday components, and that's it.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]